How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It directed me specifically to the lines that changed, so I could focus
    my attention only where the bug actually could have been created.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

      You can see the progress of a program being built (to better understand
      the WHY behind it), you can find bugs faster, and you can revert to old
      versions when necessary.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: changes made are deliberate, you have specific stages to go back to,
    and different version changes are focused on singular ideas/problems
    Cons: If you have too large gaps between versions, you might not know where
    the mistake was or have a harder time undoing it without hurting your other
    work.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Google Docs saves everything automatically so it can easily treat each file
    separately. Git is in batches, so in order for the batch of files to work
    together properly, sometimes you need to save multiple files at a time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log shows you an index of all the different commits made, and git diff
    shows you the specific changes made with each commit (the detailed history)

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If you do break something, you can go back to see which change broke it,
    and it makes that easier to identify and fix.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use Git to create my Slack app integration and better track my
    changes.
